Added how-to guides (#8624)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/how_to/use_sampler.rst

#########################
Use the Sampler primitive
#########################

This guide shows how to get the probability distribution of a quantum circuit with the :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler` primitive.

> Initialize quantum circuits

Reviewer: again it looks like this heading should be singular?
```suggestion
Initialize the quantum circuit
```

===========================

The first step is to create the :class:`~qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit` from which you want to obtain the probability distribution.
For more details about this part check out :doc:`this guide <create_a_quantum_circuit>`.

.. plot::
    :include-source:

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cx(0,1)
    qc.measure_all()
    qc.draw("mpl")

.. testsetup::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cx(0,1)
    qc.measure_all()

Initialize the ``Sampler``
==========================

> Then, you need to create a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you need to create a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler` object.
```

.. testcode::

    from qiskit.primitives import Sampler

    sampler = Sampler()

> Run and get results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run job and get results
```

===================

Now that you have defined ``sampler``, you can create a :class:`~.PrimitiveJob` (subclass of :class:`~qiskit.providers.JobV1`) with the

> :meth:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler.run` method and, then, you can get the results (as a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.SamplerResult` object) with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler.run` method and then you can get the results (as a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.SamplerResult` object) with
```

> the results with the :meth:`~qiskit.providers.JobV1.result` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 the :meth:`~qiskit.providers.JobV1.result` method.
```

.. testcode::

    job = sampler.run(qc)
    result = job.result()
    print(result)

.. testoutput::

    SamplerResult(quasi_dists=[{0: 0.4999999999999999, 3: 0.4999999999999999}], metadata=[{}])

Get the probability distribution
--------------------------------

> From these results you can take the probability distributions with the attribute :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.SamplerResult.quasi_dists`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From these results you can get the probability distributions with the attribute :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.SamplerResult.quasi_dists`.
```

Even though there is only one circuit in this example, :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.SamplerResult.quasi_dists` returns a list of :class:`~qiskit.result.QuasiDistribution`\ s.

> Generally ``result.quasi_dists[i]`` would be the quasi-probability distribution of the ``i``-th circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally ``result.quasi_dists[i]`` is the quasi-probability distribution of the ``i``-th circuit.
```

.. testcode::

    quasi_dist = result.quasi_dists[0]
    print(quasi_dist)

.. testoutput::

    {0: 0.4999999999999999, 3: 0.4999999999999999}

Probability distribution with binary outputs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you prefer to see the outputs as binary strings instead of decimal, you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to see the outputs as binary strings instead of decimals, you can use the
```

:meth:`~qiskit.result.QuasiDistribution.binary_probabilities` method.

.. testcode::
    
    print(quasi_dist.binary_probabilities())

.. testoutput::

    {'00': 0.4999999999999999, '11': 0.4999999999999999}

Parameterized circuits with ``Sampler``
=========================================

The :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Sampler` primitive also has the option to include unbound parameterized circuits like the one below.
You can also bind values to the parameters of the circuit like in :doc:`this guide <create_a_parameterized_circuit>` and follow the steps
of the previous example.

.. testcode::

    from qiskit.circuit import Parameter

    theta = Parameter('θ')
    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.ry(theta, 0)
    qc.cx(0,1)
    qc.measure_all()
    print(qc.draw())

.. testoutput::
    :options: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE

            ┌───────┐      ░ ┌─┐   
       q_0: ┤ Ry(θ) ├──■───░─┤M├───
            └───────┘┌─┴─┐ ░ └╥┘┌─┐
       q_1: ─────────┤ X ├─░──╫─┤M├
                     └───┘ ░  ║ └╥┘
    meas: 2/══════════════════╩══╩═
                              0  1 

The main difference from the previous case is that now you need to include the parameter values

> for which you want to evaluate the expectation value as a ``list`` of ``list``\ s of ``float``\ s.

Reviewer: is this paragraph correct? Shouldn't be talking about sampling probabilities not expectation values?

Reviewer 2: Good catch! Fixed in https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-terra/pull/8624/commits/ec0c28c0348eff3dfa05eb29ec7e229d47adfd46
